Clean up `Modal::class`. (#57)
yiisoft/yii-bulma: docs/modal.md

    }

    document.addEventListener('keydown', function (event) {
        var e = event || window.event;

        if (e.keyCode === 27) {
            closeModals();
            closeDropdowns();
        }
    });
JS;

$this->registerJs($modalJS);
?>

<?= Modal::widget()->id('modal')->begin() .
        Div::tag()->class('box')->content('Say hello...')->render() . PHP_EOL .
    Modal::end() ?>
```

The code above generates the following HTML:

```html
<button class="button modal-button" data-target="#modal" aria-haspopup="true">Toggle button</button>
<div id="modal" class="modal">
    <div class="modal-background"></div>
    <button class="modal-close" aria-label="close"></button>
    <div class="modal-content">
        <div class="box">Say hello...</div>
    </div>
</div>
```

## Setters

All setters are immutable and return a new instance of the `Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Modal` class with the specified value.

Method | Description | Default
-------|-------------|---------
`attributes(array $value)` | The HTML attributes. | `[]`
`autoIdPrefix(string $value)` | Prefix to the automatically generated widget ID. | `w`

> `closeButtonAttributes(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the button tag. | [`class` => `modal-close`, `aria-label` => `close`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`closeButtonAttributes(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the close button tag. | [`class` => `modal-close`, `aria-label` => `close`]
```

Author: done.

> `closeButtonSize(string $value)` | Size close button. Options available are: (`Modal::SIZE_SMALL`, `Modal::SIZE_MEDIUM`, `Modal::SIZE_LARGE`). | Default setting empty normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`closeButtonSize(string $value)` | Close button size. Options available are: (`Modal::SIZE_SMALL`, `Modal::SIZE_MEDIUM`, `Modal::SIZE_LARGE`). | Default size is normal.
```

Author: done.

`contentAttributes(array $value)`| HTML attributes for the content tag. | `[]`
`id(string $value)` | Widget ID. | `''`

> `modalBackgroundClass(string $value)` | Class for the modal background. | `modal-background`

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention "modal".

Author: done.
